Question 1.
    The main problem with this generic analysis is that we include the outliers in the data along with the standard cluster of orders.
This causes the AOV (Average Order Value) to be misrepresented due to minority of shops that receive a large number of orders from customers.

There are two ideal ways to get a better representation of the AOV:
In thr first approach, we could take the daily TOV (Total Order Value) and eliminate the outlier data points.
This would be an unstructured approach as we would not examine the days when shops would receive an abnormal number of orders
or isolate  the shops that consistently receive large orders.

The second approach is to add an upper bound value to the TOV a shop receive per day.
Due to the fact that this data sets combines information from small and relatively large shops we have a disproportionate set of data.
As such if we group the majority of shops by a bounded number of orders we would include the majority of shops in the data set
while preventing the large stores from offsetting the AOV.
Then by only considering the store with x amount of orders per day or less we will get a more accurate AOV.
We could also isolate the larger stores that don't fit within x number of orders and calculate their AOV.
This gives us the two ends of the distribution of the AOV while grouping like sized companies by their ANO (Average Number of Orders).

Question 2:
There are a variety of metrics that can be derived from this dataset.
However, we want to focus on the most informative metrics rather than calculating every possible statistic.
As Shopify seeks to optimise their merchants' shops the best metric to derive from this data would be product pricing.
The goal of this program is to determine the pricing brackets where vendors would be able to see an increase in earnings.
This would allow shopify to help merchants increase their product prices such that their profits increase while
avoiding the trap of losing customers at the cost of minimal profits.

Question 3:
    The metric shown in the output shows the price the vendors will sell their shoes at and their potential multiple in earnings.
As such based on the earnings, shoes sold at $138 will result in multiple of 96 which put the 30-day earnings at an
estimated 13,248 ( = 138 * 96) and then we can see the distribution across brackets of the product price to the order earnings multiple.

In this output we can see that if merchants keep their product prices in the range of $130 to $165 there
will be minimal profit increases. This tells the vendors that there is more value in maintain prices as
they will lose customer with no added benefit. However, looking at the $205 and up price bracket we can see a
considerable change in the possible earnings. This informs the vendors that are selling at the mid to low 100 dollar range
that they should only increase their prices if they want to sell their products above the $170 price baseline.
This change will offset the loss in customer as overall earnings will increase.
